[IMP] website: update Visibility page (#19528)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/website/web_design/visibility.rst

.. |mobile icon| replace:: :raw-html:`<svg viewBox="0 0 566.93 566.93" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="18" height="18"><rect transform="translate(283.46 -117.41) rotate(45)" x="255.56" y="-16.93" width="55.81" height="600.8" rx="25.61"></rect><path d="m395.46 399.46a12 12 0 0 1-12 12h-128.4l-115.68 115.69a47.8 47.8 0 0 0 32.08 12.31h224a48 48 0 0 0 48-48v-268.4l-48 48zm-112 108a32 32 0 1 1 32-32 32 32 0 0 1-32 32z"></path><path d="m171.46 87.46a12 12 0 0 1 12-12h200a11.89 11.89 0 0 1 6.48 1.93l37.61-37.61a47.82 47.82 0 0 0-32.09-12.32h-224a48 48 0 0 0-48 48v268.41l48-48z"></path></svg>`

To control the visibility of a building block based on the visitor's device type:

- Click the |desktop icon| (:guilabel:`Show/Hide on Desktop`) button to hide the block for visitors
  using a desktop or laptop computer.
- Click the |mobile icon| (:guilabel:`Show/Hide on Mobile`) button to hide the block for visitors
  using a mobile device.

Then, click :guilabel:`Save` to apply the changes.

> Sometimes, it is also possible to hide individual :doc:`elements <elements>` within building blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some :doc:`elements <elements>` within building blocks can also be hidden individually.
```
I'd like to get rid of the *sometimes* without losing the meaning

This is particularly useful for elements that are too wide to display properly on smaller screens.
To check whether this option is available, select an element within a building block and look for
the :guilabel:`Visibility` option in the element's customization options.

.. example::
   The red |mobile icon| (:guilabel:`Show/Hide on Mobile`) button indicates that the selected image
   is hidden on mobile devices.

   .. image:: visibility/visibility-for-element.png
      :alt: Example of a column element hidden on mobile devices.

> 

Reviewer: Since you mentionned the Show/Hide elements options for the header/footer in the Invisible elements section, what about adding a short tip here at the end of the Mobile/desktop section to mention the desktop menu/mobile menu options for the header alignment, and add this ref in the process: `website/header_footer/menu-item-design` (which links to [this section](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/applications/websites/website/structure/header_footer.html#menu-item-design))?

.. _website/visibility/conditions:

Conditions
==========

Set one or more conditions to control whether visitors can see a :doc:`building block
<building_blocks>` or :doc:`element <elements>` based on their country (IP geolocation), website
:ref:`language <translate/language-selector>`, :ref:`UTM parameters
<website/link_tracker/create-urls>`, or :doc:`login status
<../../ecommerce/configuration/customer_accounts>`.

> To define conditions, click the :guilabel:`No condition` :icon:`fa-caret-down` field and select

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define conditions, click the :guilabel:`No condition` :icon:`fa-caret-down` field in the :guilabel:`Visibility` options and select
```
or

```suggestion
To define conditions, click the :guilabel:`No condition` :icon:`fa-caret-down` field next to :guilabel:`Visibility` and select
```
(although it's not directly next to it so I'm not sure about option 2 but overall, I think we should repeat where this is to help find it)

:guilabel:`Conditionally` instead to display the available options:

> - :guilabel:`Country`: The visitor’s country, determined from their IP address.

Reviewer: This option is not displayed for me; is it also dependent on some setting/feature activation (like languages)?

Author: Yes, this is related to the IP question I tried to figure out last week. Have you tried on your own database or just in a runbot? LEBL, the PO, checked with me and thinks it is installed by default on SaaS databases, but not in the runbots.

Reviewer: Ugh, right, sorry, I didn't make the connection with this, I thought it was for some other task. I just checked on one of my own dbs and I see the field. Thank you!

- :guilabel:`Languages`: The website language selected by the visitor.

  .. note::
     This option is only available if more than one :doc:`language is installed

>      <../configuration/translate>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     This option is only available if multiple :doc:`languages are set for the website
     <../configuration/translate>`.
```
or something similar but if the languages have been installed on the db but haven't been added to the website, the option is not displayed in the website editor

==================

Blocks and elements with custom visibility settings are listed at the bottom of the website editor
sidebar. You can get a preview of the page by clicking the :icon:`fa-eye` (:guilabel:`visible`)
button to hide a block or element, or the :icon:`fa-eye-slash` (:guilabel:`hidden`) button to show

> it.

Reviewer: - You don't necessarily need to click the icon to show or hide the block/element
- I think we can make this a bit more direct (*Click xxx to yyy* instead of *You can yyy by xxx*)
```suggestion
sidebar. Click a block or an element to preview the page with or without it.
```
In my suggestion, I simplified the sentence quite a bit because I thought it wasn't super complicated, but if you feel that's too much, we can discuss it and find a better solution 🙂

.. image:: visibility/invisible-elements.png
   :alt: Blocks and elements with custom visibility settings displayed at the bottom of the editor.

.. tip::
   You can also :guilabel:`Show/Hide Elements` when configuring the :doc:`header or footer

>    <../structure/header_footer>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can also :guilabel:`Show/Hide Elements` in the :ref:`header or footer
   <website/header_footer/design>`.
```
(replacing the doc with a ref because I feel like sending readers to the specific section where we mention this option would be more useful?)

.. seealso::
   - :ref:`Manage the visibility of dynamic pages <website/header_footer/hide-menu-item>`

>    - :ref:`Manage the visibility of static pages <website/pages/page_properties>`

Reviewer: Great idea to link this here!
